hi guys value this is a
appointment with davide galop site
they obviously have me say hello
first by very few wonderful questions
but a very small gap and then I'll do it
greet from super magazine to baby from
super mega grigne god more and more
soft a kill then this video
as you have also understood from the title below
I'm going to talk about games suitable for i
our friends with wings because I have
made this video long ago I had time
I had already done one
previously after I did
see the right accessories for how much
in short, the presentation is e
accessories inside the cage
our friends then I was
requested by many all the time
what are the games in my opinion good
suitable for our parrots then ho
decided to make a specific video about
this is the game because it is important a
game for a parrot then i
parrots being animals
extremely intelligent have gods
ready the sensibilities unfortunately
find problems at the level
psychological ie we must give ours
friend in particular for those who have one
only
we must always give him something of the
on the road something that is for him
useful and above all fun
stimulant
there are many products on the market
not bought products and Chinese then
essential when seacom buys you
certain objects finished games is
essential that they are however at the level
normally suitable for our friends then
don't buy any Chinese products
like any low-priced store
because for example the swing costs I know
50 cents inside the store
animals it costs 3 because the quality the
there is a difference and it is enough
varese that is the one that costs 3 euros
however according to law anyway
we know it is not
generous to our friend what
costs 50 cents instead could
be particularly dangerous therefore
I am of the idea that when they are
buy things for beings
living
you have to go to specific stores
then pet shop forever
the article must be in accordance with the law
so the real huge there is etcetera
etcetera etc. etc. and pine cones come
no shot here where very short google
gears google videos decline most
light ok, back to us then
many but you asked what kind of
oil games inside the cage that
create that happened suddenly in
this world and then on the field but it seems
that of caste of the calderai will not come of
income gila but fears our pinar
extremely nervous nervous gina ginnas
if I answer green to jinan 2000 e
the concept from 126 never came is you
you are more I show you the games I have
as for my mess tin i
my little friends so they have a great time
game the many are distracting
then came the ladder and from ladder of
wood where they rise above and below
the swing basically the swing
that class they sell with cages
it is not
more canaries I remember that maybe there
They made above and below these instead
not so much though or on the other hand taken
another kind of swing really
beautiful this one here really is
beautiful
see this here practically like
works apart that they rise above
and then then these of cordon in
they practice rise above theirs
distraction lies in the spi bell
the tsar and all of these this
shortage here and in particular this one
essential for many games
there is always a drop in them practically by hand
these, in particular, are clearly shown
mask that arms even the hair then
this is the swing I took furniture
which of course that I moby dick forever
by the way tomorrow I go to modica where to the
morning then the tabanella bell
essential because they are there anyway
they play they have fun genius they put on
also of test it is made type position the
cappelletto and the colors are also
important are not toxic and when the
laccio to the fact that he says that anyway
must be in accordance with the law
by now there is no doubt I am very sure of it
however we do the big version
of the other without a bell here to the doubts
yes of the thousand colors
even here the rule of law is having fun a
make them turn to nibble him and also here
see there are the famous filaments that they
they adore clear star I recommend it is
however important to put some games
because they need to be distracted
they must be engaged in something
always every day especially
galop city because they are very curious
then by hand expenses and gladly
extricate oneself precisely in these things
I thank you all, see you
next time and do the three
Hello